Well, there's less than a day left
I want to see how you prepare
Don't worry about it.
This father's acceptance is of great significance
Are you really sure?
Of course tomorrow if I'm ready to accept
The emperor doesn't like it
I'm good on the spot
That's what you said, huh?
Princess
Why don't you go down?
Princess, I have refined a bottle of rose essential oil for you.
Rose essential oil
How to use it so fragrant
Apply it to your body while bathing
Massage with special techniques
After bathing, you will let your body smell its own fragrance
The skin is delicate and smooth
Hmm, what special technique?
Is it useful?
It's very profound.
It's hard to describe.
Princess or
I'll serve you once.
You are presumptuous
Believe it or not, I killed you on the spot, princess, believe me
i
I'll give you a massage.
Only massage your hands, feet and back
Big deal
How small are these eyes?
It can make the whole body fragrant
Why don't you just give it a try?
Okay, don't you dare cross the line
I'll kill you on the spot
I must pique his interest
As long as the relationship is successful
I can travel back, don't worry, princess
I must abide by my duty
What are you doing with the sword?
Of course, I'm afraid of being stabbed to death in your anger
This sword will affect my performance
Princess, don't get me wrong
So let's get started.
Then turn around and cover your eyes